Now here in Shenzhen, Shenzhen and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the China
Show. I'm Yvonne Man with [music] David
Ingles.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open of markets in greater China.
Our top stories today, stocks [music]
across the Asia Pacific extending the
losses from overnight. Traders are
bracing for [music] key market
catalysts. We're waiting on
uh you have a US jobs report that's
coming out and also earnings out of
Nvidia.
>> Senior Japanese and Chinese diplomats
reportedly [music] set to meet in
Beijing as China threatens economic
reprisals over Prime Minister Takaichi's
[music] comments on Taiwan.
>> And EV makers in focus with Xpeng's
revenue forecast falling short of
estimates. Baidu is also on deck to
report today
>> [music]
>> amid concerns its AI investments are
dragging on profits.
All right, could be a day of volatility
certainly ahead. You take a look at how,
you know, it is coming down to
Wednesday, right? Which is Nvidia. And
it really comes down to traders
positioning and repositioning leading up
to that because you talk about these
recent sell-offs, there really isn't any
kind of real trigger as to why things
are selling off and why people are
de-risking. But you have that plus of
course September jobs report comes out
on Thursday. So I think
plenty of event risk to deal with once
again today.
>> Yeah, and it doesn't seem that we will
have the base in the current pricing
will have the Fed to come in and and put
a put a floor underneath the sentiment
when you look at the pricing right now
around December and I think we'll we'll
hear in a moment there from Mr. Waller
talking about the case for a cut, but
you look at market expectations, it
doesn't it's more than the 20 cost in
fact on the opposite side of things. So
apart from I guess the Nvidia story
which I guess we'll really just have to
wait, not just what they say in reports,
but really how they guide Yeah. moving
forward. We have earnings coming out of
Baidu today. I'm curious to see what
they're going to say also about that.
And also the stock Xpeng is going to
take an absolute kicking today. We saw
the ADRs basically drop, right? Because
it seems like right now this whole
embodied artificial intelligence, this
is kind of what the new buzzword is for
for this company. They're not just a
pure EV play anymore. Uh but people are
starting to doubt whether they can
actually break even next year. I mean
it's the same thing with Baidu, right?
We talk about that and you know, they're
actually a tech company getting on AI.
Car company getting in on AI. What about
Xiaomi though, right? Became the market
darling to what now the worst stock on
the Chinese exchange. Yeah, the worst
>> [laughter]
>> the worst performing the Hang Seng tech
index. A lot of things are unwinding. I
think we'll we'll show you the
technicals where you have the 50-day
moving average getting taken out. But
there's an interesting juxtaposition
when you look at say MSCI China which is
doing quite well under the hood, but of
course suffice to say we could maybe
wait another day before we get that sort
of floor in these markets because as
things stand we are looking at quite
substantial declines across these
markets. But yeah, why don't we talk
about the Fed first and the I guess we
can unpack
>> what UBS's Adrian Zurcher mentioned,
right? If they're looking for further
upside for global equities next year, it
all depends on the Fed and whether they
can actually continue this rate cutting
cycle. And really the question now for
the market is all these sort of delayed
data that we're going to get in the next
few days or weeks, is that going to
revive all these rate cut bets once
again, right? You had the likes of
Christopher Waller, Fed governor there,
really reiterating his view that you
know, the case for December cut. Here's
more.
This reading of the data leads me at
this moment to support a cut in the
FOMC's policy rate at our next meeting
on December 9 and 10 as a matter of risk
management.
Yeah, as we look at markets and as the
song goes, the September jobs report in
mid-November is coming out. So we'll see
you Are you talking about Baby Shark?
>> [laughter]
>> What was the stock doing? North of 40%?
>> Do do do do do. Yeah, like a like a bad
>> Happy Days.
>> soundtrack really. Bad soundtrack really
is perhaps most apt when you look at the
price action right now. Nikkei's off to
a further 2 and 1/2% as we speak. Yeah,
okay. So these are quite substantial in
fact. 2% in the Kospi index. Taiex is
coming online.
In case you're curious, Pinkfong of
course is the Baby Shark theme there.
Quite the opposite there. I will talk
about it in a moment. US 2-year yields
on the back of the repricing around the
Fed. Bitcoin is, who would have thought,
90,000. We're closer closer to that
level than we are
to six figures. Overnight we talked
about Xpeng, right? So Xpeng was down 9,
10%. The discount on the ADRs relative
to where we are
here in Hong Kong is among the steepest
discounts we've seen in many, many
months. So we'll see and this is likely
going to catch down quite substantially
going into the open today.
Xiaomi we talked about this. Trip.com
did see a further downdraft overnight.
This was down to I think largely to the
Japan and China story which we'll get to
in a moment with Minmin. Baba going
going the opposite way. Almost reversing
all the losses from Friday I believe at
these levels. Very quickly, E50 futures
and in case you missed it, the big macro
news as far as China goes is the zero
bond I think 4 billion euros that they
are starting to marketing based on
our sourcing right now. So we'll talk
about that in a moment. 1.8% is your
Chinese 10-year yield. Yep, let's get
more on what's going to dominate trading
here today and get to our managing
editor for Asia equities Andy Tu. She's
here in Hong Kong, back in Hong Kong for
us. What's going to be the biggest theme
today? I think it's basically a gigantic
profit taking uh sort of theme that's
playing out today and potentially
tomorrow. Basically this whole week
because of Nvidia earnings. Investors
are taking it as, you know, profit
taking, right? You're saying just now
Bitcoin, gold, tech stocks all down this
week. And you see even within the space,
um people are doing rotation. They are
going into dividend paying stocks. Today
MXAP, the best performing sector is
utilities. And that's, you know,
dividend payers, right? And if you look
at within AI, we just wrote about how,
you know, chip stocks are getting sold,
but people moving to energy storage.
People people moving to, you know,
aluminum, the metal, you know, that's a
big supplier for all the AI data
centers. So a big rotation playing out.
And in Japan we're seeing value stocks,
these, you know, sort of earnings yield
stocks with high earnings yield are
getting bought. So altogether that's the
story right now. Yeah, seems like a
defense [clears throat] a tilt towards
the defensive, I think predictable
income
strategies. Might a good Nvidia print
cause a rotation back into the sort of
growth momentum in AI plays? I think
it's probably going to be short-lived
because there is a lot of uncertainties
out there. As you guys talking about
Fed, that's the biggest thing, right?
Nvidia, yes, it's a big event, but
people immediately look ahead to the Fed
decisions, right? And also all these eco
data from from the US that's been
delayed.
>> Yeah. We don't know how the the picture
will be. So altogether I think, you
know, although December
historically speaking is a positive
month, overall I think this December may
be a bit cautious. You mentioned about
the fall in crypto. I mean it seems like
it's almost like a free fall
now. Um
Is that more something that is like the
canary in the coal mine of broader asset
classes now?
>> And yeah, and risk there the the risk
proxy. Yeah, or is there something more
structural going on there in Bitcoin
itself?
>> Yeah, I think overall it's all linked.
>> Yeah. Bitcoin, Nasdaq, I think a lot of
investors are overlapping in these two
asset classes. And Bitcoin I think
because liquidity is relatively thin
relative to tech stocks, we're seeing
bigger sort of gap downs. Yes, I would
say it's right now it's just across
risk-off mood, but Bitcoin we see higher
beta, bigger moves.
Lanting, fantastic. Thank you so much.
Nice to see you in town by the way.
Lanting Tu, our managing editor there
for Asian equities. What a time to be
here to tell us this the market story
right now. We're looking at this
sell-off right now. We're about an hour
into an hour and 7 minutes to the cash
market session in Japan. Nikkei 225 is
off substantially, 2 and 1/2%. Nearly
200 stocks in the Nikkei are actually
down. So in terms of market breadth this
one is actually quite substantial going
into the session today. Japanese media,
let's get the latest here, reporting
that senior diplomats from China and
Japan are planning to meet in Beijing
today as this dispute over the Japanese
Prime Minister's comments on Taiwan
continues to simmer and play out in
these markets as we've seen already. We
did hear from the Foreign Ministry in
China on Monday.
Regardless of which party or individual
governs Japan, it must adhere to and
honor the Japanese government's
commitment on the Taiwan question. We
urge Japan to act responsibly toward
history and bilateral relations. Stop
crossing lines and playing with fire.
Retract its erroneous words and actions
and genuinely implement its commitments
to China through concrete actions.
Let's bring in Minmin Low, our China
correspondent
with yeah, just help us understand this
meeting that's taking place and what do
we know so far ahead of it or has it
have there been discussions ahead of
that meeting?
Yeah, well things are certainly heating
up. We did see the Japanese embassy for
example issuing a safety advisory for
its citizens in China asking them to be
careful when they're outdoors, asking
them to avoid large crowds,
and to take care of their children. It
seems like there is concern that maybe
protests could be breaking out. And yes,
the top Japanese official had um
traveled to Beijing yesterday. We asked
the foreign ministry about that, but she
didn't have any information to offer.
they're going to be meeting according to
Japanese media. We'll see what happens,
but we know that the spokesperson that
you heard earlier, she repeated again
the demand for Japan to retract those
statements. But analysts are saying
that, you know, we know that Takaichi
hasn't done that so far and that her
hands might be tied because she was
elected as this nationalist leader,
right, in Japan. And some are saying
that retracting the comments would be
seen as bowing to China and that could
have political blowback in Japan. So a
lot depends on whether China tighten the
screws further because we had that
warning on a state-linked social media
post saying that China could cut
military, diplomatic, and economic ties
with Japan. Now, of course, we're not at
that stage yet, but we are seeing a slew
of media commentary really putting out
very sharp rhetoric, and we have Global
Times reporting that some film
distributors in China is starting to
delay the screening of some Japanese
films citing the decline in box office
numbers and cooling audience sentiment.
Yeah, we're just hearing from the
defense minister Shinjiro Koizumi uh
speaking there, as you mentioned, about
that comment uh that Takaichi's remarks
on November 7 do not change the
government's stance. What sort of
options are there now to end this sort
of retaliation from China? I mean, it
seems like the Japanese are really
trying to at least cool things down.
Yeah, but the thing is, you know, when
they say that their stance has not
changed, China doesn't see it as such.
And in fact, People's Daily put out an
editorial saying that this is a clear
strategic shift in Japan's stance
because they are shifting away from
strategic ambiguity. Because Takaichi is
probably the first prime minister to
actually explicitly say that an attack
on Taiwan could be an existential crisis
for Japan, which gives him the legal
justification to lean in militarily. And
it's not just what she said, right? The
People's Daily cited you know, how
Takaichi is increasing the pace of this
rise in its defense spending to 2% of
GDP. She wants to bring that forward and
achieve that by early 2026
and how she is, you know,
leaning closer towards the US and losing
restrictions on
arms exports, for example. All of these
pointing to how China how Japan is
looking at expanding military aggression
as they did before and repeating the
follies from World War II, and you can
see this quote here saying that
militarism from Japan has often used a
Japan has often used existential crisis
as a pretext for external aggression.
Uh okay, some pointed language, which is
isn't really too surprising given the
context that you just laid out. Min-Min,
thank you so much. Min-Min Low with the
latest there on this developing story,
we should note as we look ahead to that
as well. Just to mention, we talked
about Xiaopeng Xpeng at the top of the
show, so we were down 10 and 1/2% give
or take ADRs overnight. We're now called
below 90 Hong Kong dollars going into
the open today, so that should be the
first time we were trading below that if
that is the pre-market indication. Uh
give or take since the start of this
month, which
as a milestone, is the first time we'll
be trading below the 95 level since AI
day. On Xpeng. I mean, it's been more
than doubled, right, the stock overall
this year. So certainly there is maybe
some signs of profit taking once again.
I mean, the third quarter loss narrowed,
that was actually a beat. It was really
the revenue guidance for the fourth
quarter that really raised a lot of
question marks whether they can actually
be profitable uh this year. Um certainly
the this whole kind of future of
mobility, that's sort of the one thing
that we've been kind of tracking as
well, and obviously it's going to take
some time, I guess, for for traders and
investors to kind of look at this
company as not just an EV pure play now,
but really one more that is almost like
a AI conglomerate in some ways. I mean,
arguably,
if we did not have that AI component
drive the price up 20% last week, we'd
be, all things equal, the same thing
right now, and we'd be looking at these
earnings through the prism of a car
company. Yeah. And not so much an AI
play, but I guess we have the perfect
guest to tell us about this and really
how we should be valuing this specific
stock. Tina Hou at Goldman Sachs covers
autos, of course, will be joining us in
a couple of minutes to unpack those
earnings. Leapmotor also came out, also
Geely came out as well. Counting down to
the open of trade, 16 [music] minutes
away in Shanghai and Shenzhen and here
in Hong Kong. You're watching the China
show. Good morning.
>> [music]
>> Here's your agenda here today, of
course, watching C and [music] Y and
really the 710 level certainly has been
something that we've been watching and
close to that as well. China-Japan
tensions, you know, we've talked about,
you know, the diplomats are meeting and
really trying to really find some
cooling of of these recent flare-ups,
but the rhetoric from China have late
has been still quite strong. Sectors
include gold, crypto, PCs, right?
Lenovo, of course, reports later on this
week, but we talk about Xiaomi, that's
going to be the big one to watch there.
Baidu as well. Leapmotor, Xpeng, and
Trip, those are the some stocks to watch
here. Some earnings coming out from the
two car automakers as well there today.
Yeah, and well, we're curious to see how
Xpeng's going to well, we know how Xpeng
is going to trade in a couple of
minutes. Where we go on day two
is really up to the market to decide.
Massive move down
uh in the stock, of course. This is over
two days. These are the ADRs, and a
10.3% drop overnight is really
indicative of how we'll trade in a
couple of minutes in the pre-market. But
let's bring in Tina Hou
uh out of Shanghai, the China autos
analyst at Goldman Sachs. Tina, good
morning and thanks for thanks for coming
on the show. What do you make of the
earnings?
Good morning. Yeah, uh so we're in the
middle of the three
third quarter earning season right now.
Majority of the companies have reported.
I think um
across the board, we are seeing majority
of the coverage missing expectations.
Um some of them just straight out from
the top line revenue side cuz they're
losing market share or facing a lot of
pricing pressure. Some of them, even
they're gaining market share and have
pretty good volume growth, they're still
missing on the operating profit side or
on the net profit side. And then there
are others that are maybe in line with
expectation in 3Q. However, their
guidance for 4Q is below expectation. So
I would say we do see across the board,
there has been quite a lot of pressure
going into the third quarter, and then
we foresee that going into the next
quarter, the December quarter of the
year. So a lot of pressure on the
pricing side as well as on the volume
growth industry beta slowing down into
October and likely into November,
December December months.
You seem to be painting a pretty, I
guess, dire picture of what's to come,
right? When when I look at things like,
you know, subsidies that are going to be
faded out and phased out in the fourth
quarter, when you talk about, you know,
these price wars, which I don't know if
have you seen any sort of sign of
anti-involution helping at least
arresting the declines that we've been
seeing across prices?
What we're seeing, yeah, speaking of
anti-involution is very interesting.
What we're seeing is um
on the one hand, you have the relatively
better price control or stability of the
existing models on the on the market. So
we are observing, if we're talking about
the dealer discount, I think from our
data
tracking over 200 EV EV and ice models
in the market,
starting from June and July into the
second half, the dealer discount have
narrowed and also have been stabilized.
On the other hand, we continue to see
very aggressive pricing when the
companies launch new models or launch
facelift models with spec
differentiation or spec upgrade. So I
think that is what is leading to the uh
OEM companies and as well as suppliers
margin pressure and then operating
profit pressure in the market. And also
what we've observed is actually the
industry consolidation or is getting
actually more and more fragmented. If we
look at the HHI index of the NEV volume
market share, it's going lower and lower
months after months this year.
So Tina, from the perspective of a I
don't know, let's put it very simply.
From the perspective of a buyer,
it it really doesn't matter if it's a
subsidy or if they're cutting prices.
If the subsidies go, do you think that
incentivizes OEMs to even further price
their models more aggressively?
Right.
Um I would agree with you.
If we look at what the OEMs are doing
now, what they're saying is if you place
your orders this year now, and if you
cannot get it delivered by the end of
this year, then they will pretty much
subsidize the extra the extra EV
purchase tax, which is going to be 5%
next year versus 0% this year. So they
are trying to, I think, lock in still
locking customers. And next year from
our conversation with a number of the
OEM companies, some of them still have
quite aggressive volume target, but
others, I think, they are also more
conservative and hesitant to really give
a very clear volume guidance cuz they
are obviously also seeing the demand
picture being relatively uncertain and
maybe facing some headwind into next
year.
Tina, we're seeing Xpeng shares in the
pre-market plunging some 7% here right
now. I'm just I got to get your take on
the whole industry as it seems to be
evolving, right? You have, of course,
still those EV pure plays. Are those
still the preferred ones to watch in
terms of still delivering growth? Or
what or do I have to look at something
like an embodied AI ecosystem now, like
an Xpeng, to and how they actually
deploy AI? Is that more of a more
interesting part of the industry now to
look at?
Right. I think, obviously, the industry
is developing and evolving very fast. I
think if we break it down into two
parts, one is the more like traditional
a
the auto business, The other obviously
some of these companies are
evolving into other robotics, robo-taxi,
humanoid robot, EVTOL, these new
new revenue streams and new potential
market. So for the for the next let's
say three maybe three to five years,
your core revenue and earnings are still
becoming from the auto side of things.
And for autos,
we think next year likely the domestic
market and the overseas market is going
to trend quite differently. On the one
hand, we see demand pressure in the
volume in the domestic market with
uncertainty in in terms of the
continuation of trading subsidy. And
even if the subsidy continues, what's
going to be the effectiveness? It may
start to like decline the effectiveness.
On the other hand, on the export side of
things, we've seen it's actually
beating our expectation this year,
especially the EV export. And in the
overseas market, we actually see uh that
market is actually pretty much ripe for
for mass market adoption and and
acceleration into the next three years.
So it's going to be very different
depending on your exposure, your
footprint in the overseas market, and
then how aggressive you launch new
models and expand your market share
there.
Yeah, okay. So
let's use BYD because people talk about
BYD as the proxy for you know that the
Chinese car maker that is making
waves overseas. Let's put it that way.
Is what do you
How many cars do you think BYD can sell
this year? And the reason I ask you that
is they've had to revise their forecast
for this year mid-year lower. And I
wonder how much what degree of
confidence we can attach to forecast
going into next. And how important is
the overseas market for a company like
BYD?
Um right. I think maybe not specifically
talking about any specific company, but
for yeah, I think for domestic market
obviously very dynamic market share
changes this year between different
players. And as as I just mentioned, the
overall consolidation level is actually
going down.
For next year, I think the company have
some volume guidance currently for
overseas, but they've not been giving
guidance for the domestic market. So I
think that also reflects the relatively
confidence level and then the certainty
for them in the different markets in in
the different markets. And then yeah.
We're going to leave it there, but thank
you so much. Tina Hou, China autos
analyst at Goldman Sachs there. As we
talk about Xpeng seeing quite a bit of
upside moves the downside. We're down 7%
here [music] right now. Plenty more to
come. This is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> All right. Welcome back. You're watching
the China show. 40 seconds to the
opening bell. A50 futures down a third,
almost down 1% on the Hang Seng index.
If you think this is bad, [music] look
at Japan and you'll feel a lot better
about these markets right now. Just just
to say it is a down arrow story just
about across [music] the board today.
>> Yeah, it it is Yesterday was about the
Japan and and China tensions. Certainly
[music] that could play out for another
day, but SoftBank we talked about that's
one of the bigger drivers.
Given this kind of AI unwind once again,
you pair that with uncertainty [music]
around Fed. You know, you hear Waller
saying you know still he thinks there is
a case to cut in December, but that
really isn't the case within the FOMC.
That division is enough to
>> [music]
>> kind of kind of continue to add more
uncertainty about where the Fed's going
to go in December, right? As we count
down to the September jobs report that's
going to be happening on Thursday.
Before that, of course, is Nvidia
earnings. And who knows what's going to
happen in that. I think options are
talking about a 6 and 1/2% move in
either direction given how these results
are going to fare out. So here you go.
This is what the onshore markets are
looking like. CSI 300, we are seeing
some moderate declines across the board
a quarter of 1% to the downside for
Shanghai as well as Shenzhen down about
a third. Uh we're watching the likes of
course still the tech plays here. I
still catching a decent bit when it
comes to CATL. Uh Capricorn has flipped
in the in the negative there. Um but
certainly watching very closely just
given what we've been seeing in the
whole AI trade, right? When when you
talk about now the earning side of
things like the likes of Xpeng that is
possibly going to be dragging down
Asia's tech here today. You know, they
are kind of switching to become from
this EV pure play into the sort of
embodied artificial intelligence
ecosystem that they've basically
self-developed, right? So there's a lot
of questions on you know, out of the
whole Chinese tech space or EV space,
you know, who has the most ability to
really deploy this AI and kind of mimic
the success of Tesla, right? Take a look
at what it comes to Hong Kong though.
This is what the board's looking like
here today. So tech's very much in
focus. We We mentioned about the
cratering of Bitcoin and and really
crypto overall. Is that sort of the
canary in the mine here across risk
assets here right now? They certainly
are bearing the brunt of the sell-off
here. And there you go. You're seeing
Tencent, Baidu, Meituan, Xiaomi all down
by about 1%. Alibaba's doing another
story here actually recovering of course
after that FT report. So certainly that
is helping in terms of Alibaba, but
they're bucking the trend. Uh 1.2% to
the downside for Asia's tech here today.
We still have earnings coming through
from the likes of Xiaomi.
I'm watching Baidu as well. Obviously
when it comes to the monetization of AI,
Baidu that's the big question there.
Xiaomi as well. A lot of headwinds when
it comes to not just the smartphone side
of things, but also the EV side of
things as well. We'll get to Genie Yu
about that in just a bit. Crypto's doing
this, right? So we talked about you
know, this this you know, wiping out
2025 gains here. We're now at around 60
91,000.
You take a look at the options markets,
you're seeing downside protection
building up around 90,000 even 85,000.
So is it going to be a free fall to
those levels here? And really it's it's
just a double whammy, right? But there's
no trigger once again, Dave. But it
really has been the the talk about AI,
you know, unwind, lofty valuations, Fed
uncertainty. That leads to sort of the
macro assets are selling off here.
There's also the structural side of
things, what Michael Saylor is doing. Uh
we talk about We didn't talk about
digital asset treasuries, right? And
this whole kind of Bitcoin hoarding.
Hoarding. It's quite interesting what's
going on there as well. But there you
go. Crypto stocks are falling.
Uh take a look at what it comes to
earnings, right? So Trip was a beat.
DiDi, Li Auto, Xpeng. Uh there you go.
Xpeng's down some 8%.
So we are coming off some of the stock
which has basically the doubled this
year so far, but it was the fourth
quarter guidance when it came to revenue
that did miss estimates here. Obviously
a lot of talk whether they can break
even is still a big question mark. Yeah,
but I think we've been asking that
question to Brian Gu every time he's on
the show and seems to get getting pushed
back. But I mean they are getting closer
when you look at the narrowing I guess
of the loss, right?
So at 89 bucks, we're back to levels of
about the start of this month. Just goes
to show how much the stock has actually
rallied in the last two or three weeks
or so. Speaking of one that's gone just
about round about is Xiaomi coming up on
your screens. Went from Xiaomi to money
to Xiaomi the exit here. It's gone from
market darling to the worst performing
tech stock in China in just a few
months.
It faces headwinds, smartphone, EV
markets. Genie Yu has put in a fantastic
piece on the stock today. With us here
on set and what investors Genie are
expecting from the company's results.
Yeah, when we talk to investors, I think
there were two key things they're
looking at. It's kind of the major
headwinds on the things Xiaomi is
facing. So one is the hurdles in EV. So
on the one side, they are having the
difficulty expanding their Beijing
factory. The phase two factory that
failed to obtain the government approval
in October. So this is one one over hand
for in terms of the EV capacity which
they may not be able to deliver
deliver the cars you know fast enough.
The second thing is is more
the government is kind of like facing
out the subsidy, the trading subsidy you
know, in terms in the auto market. So
which kind of would affect the demand.
The third thing I think at the second
the other part is more about the
smartphone. Um All the AI things you
know, they have actually fueled a super
like a super cycle for the memory chips
prices. So we have seen like according
to some data provider, memory chip
prices actually surged more than 20% in
October alone. And then according to
some industry experts estimates, that's
going to rise another 10% and then the
rally is going to go is going to
continue according to JP Morgan. So So
all this means like the component cost
for smartphones you know, Xiaomi produce
is going to you know, having a lot of
margin pressure because it's very
difficult for them to pass on those kind
of rising component cost all through the
consumer if you consider consumption
downturn in China and also you know, the
iPhone 11 is selling really well in
China. So all the competitions make it
really hard for Xiaomi to hike the
prices. They've done some I think
they've they've done they've they've
trying to you know, lift the prices for
some of their flagship products
recently, but it's just to investors you
know, there's a big question mark like
where can they support the margin going
forward?
>> [clears throat]
>> Yeah, I mean it seems like it's it's
hard to see any sort of comeback for
Xiaomi. What are the analysts saying
here right now? It seems like you know,
in terms of short sellers, we're seeing
more of them circling around this stock
here right now and the price target
continues to be slashed.
>> Yeah, I feel [snorts] like Wall Street
is already responding to some of those
worries. So if you see like just last
week, we've seen JP Morgan
they've been holding overweight on the
stock for more than a year and then they
downgraded that stock because of the
margin pressure
we just mentioned in the smartphone
sector and then also um, think also last
week HSBC slashed the Xiaomi's target
price by more than 10%. So, I think
there like people are getting more and
more bearish, you know, kind of like
considering, you know, this is a super
cycle for memory chips. So, which is uh,
increasingly like a pressure for the
device makers. Yeah, I think HSBC still
said that prices can still rise 10%
there when it comes to DRAM. Genie you,
thank you so much for Bloomberg Asia
stocks reporter on what to expect out of
Xiaomi a little bit later on. Let's
bring our next guest. Joanna Shen is
EMAP Equity's investment specialist at
JP Morgan Asset Management. So, emerging
market Asia pack obviously is EMAP. Um,
a lot of concerns about this whole AI
bubble that is forming. Do you think
that we're going to see a bubble that
could be burst anytime soon? Or are we
starting to see signs of that? Well, I
think if we take one step back, the AI
capex actually is quite strong this
year. So,
early this year the AI capex is 350
billion and next year it's also trending
up to 450 billion. So, the the thing the
key thing here is not whether there's a
bubble, but it's a matter of when or if
the bubble will burst. If I use the
analogy of a beer, so the foam on the
top is often the most delicious bits,
but it's not going to last forever.
Um,
I think there's a lot of observers who
are drawing the compare comparison
between this AI buildout vis-a-vis the
dot-com bubble era, but I will say there
are a few key distinctions. Number one
is the source of funding. So, in the
dot-com era, so the so-called vendor
financing loop
>> Yes. Um, that's actually is amplifier
for the bubble. What happened is
basically the telecom companies, they
were lending to their customers who in
turn used the proceeds to purchase more
of their products which sort of
inflated the the demand. And if the
funding back then is largely by equity
or fixed income sort of issuance from
companies that is unprofitable with
unproven business model. But in this AI
buildout, the AI capex, the cash flow is
largely funded by the large US
technology companies with strong balance
sheet and experienced management. They
they are not short of cash in a way.
Admittedly, we do see some tech
companies tapping into the debt market
globally. 1.2 trillion corporate debt
actually is related to AI
infrastructure. Right.
>> But when the CSP or the hyperscalers,
they tap into debt market, typically
it's a matter of diversifying their
funding source or taking advantage of
the lower borrowing cost. Um, it's not a
matter of they are desperate for
capital. I think historically, if you
look at the when the bubble burst, it's
typically when the credit condition
tighten. So, this time around, the
leverage is quite minimal, which is a
key difference from the last cycle.
Which means this cycle is less
vulnerable if there's a funding squeeze.
And second thing very important is on
the demand side. So, if you look at the
the dot-com era in 2002, um, the fiber
the fiber cable capacity utilization was
only 7% and it took years for
um, to to digest this oversupply. But
right now, if you look at AI data
center, they are running at full
capacity. Vacancy rate is really low.
So, if
part of I think what you're saying is
we're we're looking
in the wrong place to determine whether
this is a bubble or not. Even if it's a
bubble So, we might well be in the midst
of a bubble.
>> We don't know until it bursts. Until the
beer is down, until the
the froth is still available to
[laughter] to to to sip on. But that's
important the other note that you
mentioned, credit conditions will keep
bubbles from bursting. What then is the
best leading indicator for risk assets
going into next year?
So, for us I think if you look at
earnings visibility for the next couple
of years is still pretty good.
However,
the sustainability of this
long-term spending pattern which in turn
will lead to the growth rate and margin
profile, I think it's quite uncertain in
the long run. So, I think that's one
area I think investors should be
contextually alert to what's happening
in AI. And also, second thing I think to
highlight is to quote Jensen Huang, the
ultimate bottleneck of AI is power. So,
if you look at power usage in the US, it
accounts for about 2% to 3% this year,
but it's projected to grow to four to
six 6 to 12% by 2030. And globally, the
number will go up from 1.5% to 4% by the
end of the decade. So, how to solve this
power bottleneck is a critical question
facing the AI industry.
So, in terms of the AI themes in Asia,
where where are you most upbeat? Do I
look at China? Do I look at Hong Kong?
Do I look at Taiwan, Korea? I mean, or
even Japan? What are the best kind of
geographies now? I think investors
should take a global view, holistically
look at the AI ecosystem. Because if you
look at the US, they're very strong in
AI chip design. But here in the North
Asia, it's a fertile ground for the
picks and shovels names. We don't really
care if it's Nvidia or AMD or it's
Google
they're getting more market share in the
arms race of AI because we have the
foundry makers, we have the cooling
systems, we have the testing providers,
semi equipment names or the wafer
producers. So, they are the
picks and shovels for this AI
transformation. So, it doesn't really
matter. And also, interestingly, if you
look at valuation, Asia tech names are
trading at wide discount compared to
their US counterpart. Take the Korean
memory chip name for example. That name
has 65% market share in HBM. It's
trading at three times of price to book
with ROE of 40% and its US counterpart
is trading at four times price to book
with an ROE inferior 30%. So, I think
that's that that that paints a picture
for Asian tech supply chains. I mean,
even even a a name like TSMC is trading
wildly more expensive in the US than the
same TSMC
in Taiwan, right? To your point. So,
like a market like Korea since you
brought it up, right? That market
is was traditionally one name.
Right? And now it's spread to other Mhm.
arguably tech names. So, is that an
index play next year, Korea? Do I just
buy a KOSPI product because that seems
to be a really good AI play when you
look at how that's
the index constituents at this point?
Sure. I think if you look at the index,
actually Korea has evolved. So, 40 30 to
40% of the index actually is AI related,
memory names, power name. On top of
that, there's also this
friend-shoring or onshoring
beneficiaries in the areas like
shipbuilding, battery or autos. Um, and
also on top of that, there's this
value-up sort of beneficiaries as we
have seen in financials for example. So,
to answer your questions, we still think
Korea offers a diverse opportunity for
active management. So, looking ahead, I
think the key thing next year is to see
how the value-up program will further
evolve. So, if we did some analysis, if
Korea were to
utilize their balance sheet more
efficiently um, by disposing non-core
assets or doing more sort of
cash reserve buyback, then the ROE can
be unlocked from the 6% at the current
level to 12%. Arguably, this is the path
Japan has taken, which takes Japan 10
years. I'm not saying it will take Korea
next year or the year after to get
there, but the direction of travel
nonetheless is positive.
So, given this sort of de-risking that
we're seeing across markets now as we
count down the end of the year. I mean,
what are you most positive about next
year?
And and what are some of the risks on
your radar? And what could maybe derail
this AI trade?
Yeah, I think in terms of the
positivity, um, at least from the Asia
perspective, I think still the AI
secular trend is very strong. Um,
I I I mentioned the visibility for this
year or next year is still quite good,
which arguably should be bode well for
the Asia supply chain names. On the risk
side, I think first foremost, um, if US
slow down, it's not a good backdrop. And
second, the geopolitical tension, but to
be honest, it's nothing new. It's the
permanent backdrop we have to work with.
And number three, I think in the region,
um, in terms of the India, it hasn't
sort of rallied or recovered to the
level we would like it to be, um,
because of different reasons like trade
policy, tariff, lack of AI
beneficiaries. But nonetheless, the
domestic funding is providing quite
strong support. Um, if we see more
capex, especially in the private sector,
the market could continue to do well.
So, a lot to watch for for 2026. Yeah,
it sounds like you're bullish. Okay.
>> [laughter]
>> Joanna, thank you so much. Cheers.
Joanna Shen there, EMAP Equity's
investment specialist at JP Morgan Asset
Management. We will leave you with a
look at markets, how they're doing at
the moment. And we're coming off lows,
although as you can see, we're still
doing uh, quite badly across the cash
[music] markets. We're down over 1% on
the major Asian benchmarks. This is the
China show.
In some corporate news this morning, Rio
Tinto is adding new surcharges [music]
on aluminum headed to the US as tariffs
tighten supplies and inventories drop.
The extra fees stack on top of the
already high Midwest premium, [music]
pushing costs to more than 70% above the
raw metal price. The US aluminum market
is now described as quote all but broken
with buyers forced to pay up as Trump's
50% tariff drives stockpiles [music]
to record lows.
UBS chairman Colm Kelleher has held
talks with US Treasury Secretary Scott
Bessent [music] about potentially moving
the bank's headquarters to the US.
Discussions come amid [music]
uncertainty over Switzerland's proposed
capital reforms, which could raise UBS's
requirements by roughly $26 [music]
billion.
The Trump administration is said to be
receptive even as UBS continues lobbying
to ease the Swiss rules.
Peter Thiel's hedge fund exited Nvidia
in the third [music] quarter, selling
537,000
shares, a stake worth around $100
million [music]
as of this quarter's close. Now, Thiel
macro shifted its biggest positions
[music] to Apple, Microsoft, and a
smaller Tesla bet. The move came as
filings show hedge funds nearly evenly
split [music] between adding and cutting
Nvidia exposure. Okay, let's have a look
at shares of New World. We're down about
1.6.
We're trading at 750 a pop here. The
company says it expects to cut a portion
off its debts after an early deadline to
accept this plan to swap out some of its
some of its bonds here. Let's bring in
uh Trista Chee New World, of course, our
China credit reporter to that was quite
Greek there to help us explain what that
means in simple simple English.
[laughter] What What was What was that I
just read?
So, New World right now managed to cut
about $1 billion uh dollar perpetual
bonds and also around 30 million uh
senior notes while this debt swap plan.
And it's achieved about, you know, 63%
of its goal target on the perp front.
And right now, the developer also, you
know, extend the early bird deadline to
until uh December 2nd. So, anyone who
joined the plan before December 2nd get
the same
a treatment. So, um I think uh investors
still processing the plan right now.
And, you know, this The latest plan is
New World's latest effort in trying to
cut its debt low.
Okay. Uh
tell us why this is important then, this
for New World.
So, we still remember that earlier this
year New World managed to steal the mega
refinancing deal trying to avert a debt
crisis. And right now, it's their latest
effort in trying to, you know, find uh
stabilize its finance further because
even after the mega refinancing, it's
still far out of the woods yet. So, the
latest thing is like they're turning uh
bond holder for their help to trying to
get through this uh crisis so far. Based
on the people that you talked to, what's
what's next for New World? And you Well,
clearly, there's a sense that New World
has pulled back from the edge. Have
things stabilized is the question. Yeah,
so next thing people are watching is
definitely, you know, how New World
would deal with its remaining bonds,
right? Because even under the full
participation of this plan, there's
still some remaining bonds there. How
they going to deal with it? And whether
there will be an equity injunction plan
coming in or whether they will roll out
another round of liability management
plan.
All right, Trista. Thank you. Trista
Chee New World, our China credit
reporter on the latest when it comes to
New World. Of course, you can get
Insider's Guide to the money and people
shaking up the finance hub in our Hong
[music] Kong edition newsletter that's
out every Thursday. Check out some cool
stories. Even David writes in on it
every week now, right?
>> when I feel like it.
>> Yeah, he writes some interesting stuff.
Things that you might not see in the
terminal, actually, I think are featured
[music] here as well. So, feel free to
check it out. Restaurant reviews and the
like. bloomberg.com/newsletters.
This is really a good representation of
what's happening across different major
themes across [music] the greater
China's markets. You have a
a fundraising that's a Hong Chao story,
5.3%.
Uh they're raising quite a bit of money
uh in in the debt market effectively for
uh debt repayment to just uh lay it out
uh
clearly. Uh Lenovo is a hardware PC
story following the news flow and the
guidance coming out overnight and its
peers in the US. So, that's as you can
see playing out across the stock. Xpeng
is an earning story. It's an AI story
all in one. It's a repricing of the AI
story to the downside, which is really
what we've seen
uh the last few days or so. Uh we're
down 8 and 1/2% on an EV maker that's
now, of course, slash an AI play.
>> I I think with Lenovo, it's interesting.
We were talking to Genie with Xiaomi
about this whole memory chip supercycle,
right? That prices are still going to be
encroaching on margins for particularly
when it comes to core companies like
Xiaomi. I think Lenovo is certainly not
immune to that, right? You take a look
at, you know, the pressure on margins,
higher input costs. That's why Morgan
Stanley downgraded that stock now of
Lenovo. And that's probably why we're
seeing those moves when it comes to that
stock. Keep in mind, they come up with
earnings as well. Keep in mind, we're
going to be in Singapore. We're heading
off after the shows, Dave. We're going
to be there from Wednesday to Friday
for, of course, the New Economy Forum.
Your first time. What do you What do
What are you excited about?
>> Uh well, uh I'm going to Singapore. So,
I'm I'm taking I'm taking Yvonne to Lau
Pa Sat. [laughter] She's She's good
enough.
>> forward to it. I'm going to say yes to
that date.
>> Thank you so much. Uh I haven't even
asked, but there we go. Okay, on air.
That's our That's our first stop. Um
apart from that, we'll see if some of
our guests and some of the the big names
coming and attending the New Economy
Forum will be open to maybe a stop at a
hawker stand. There we go. Everyone from
George George Little Heathery, of
course, out of HSBC and a lot of the big
names. This is a very uh this is a
partial list of the very big names
coming through, of course, over the next
few days. We'll be taking the show on
the road from tomorrow
uh throughout the course [music] of
Bloomberg TV programming. So, stay tuned
for a lot on the way, including here on
the China show. The second hour is on
the way.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the HSI half hour into the
session. And yeah, you're seeing here
some downside, about 1% or so. Sort of
mirror we're seeing across [music]
uh really the Asia Pacific here this
morning as we start to see uh this
fourth day where this [music] global
sell-off is extending into. And really,
it's shift investors shifting away from
riskier assets. We talked about with our
our team of Yvonne and Ting Ting too
from the Asia stocks team about this
whole kind of rotation into value,
[music]
right? About utilities, for example, is
one of those key um sectors that are
doing quite well here today. Of course,
that's ahead of the Nvidia job and of
course, that jobs report uh Nvidia
results, I should say. But here's how
the rest of the markets are doing,
right? You take a look at how uh Japan,
Korea, Taiwan are actually doing
relatively speaking worse than Hong Kong
right now. And the KOSPI 200 is down
about 870 points. KOSPI is also lower by
2%. The likes of SoftBank is really
dragging out Japan. Uh we're watching
some of the chip plays as well. Uh but
certainly what you're watching when it
comes to US futures, at least those are
in the green, right? So, US and euro
futures looking like this here right
now, perhaps a little bit more stability
uh as we wake up to Wall Street there uh
on on really after that sell-off that we
saw overnight. Because we we'll talk to
David about these sort of technicals
that we're seeing in the S&P, for
example, uh which haven't been good,
right? Breadth has not been pretty, as
some analysts have said. Uh and as we
kind of wait for, of course, a certainty
around the Fed, right? Chris Waller, of
course, defending his call that he
thinks that there should be a December
rate cut. He says jobs market is at
stall speed. But there's still a lot of
division among the FOMC about where the
inflation outlook is going to be. And
really, those Fed odds are still sub-50%
that they're going to cut next month.
So, there you go. We have to wait for
this week for things to settle, really.
But in terms of the bigger movers, we
talked about that rotation, right? So,
utilities, it's health care that's
actually catching a bid here this
morning. You're seeing that play out in
some of these sort of stocks we're
talking about. James Hardie, uh
Unimicron. Those are some of the ones
that we're watching very closely here,
the big top movers in in Asia. On the
flip side of it, it's Xpeng. That's on
the opposite side of the spectrum. We're
down close to 9%. Barclays had a pretty
interesting note, right? On the back of
those earnings where revenue guidance
for the fourth quarter was a miss. They
said, look, there's all this hype around
robo taxis, about humanoid robots.
That's going to fade if you don't see
this to translating into some sort of
earnings growth for next year. So, that
certainly is still the big question mark
for Xpeng here, Dave. But yeah, you
talked about the technicals, right? I
mean, that 50-day moving average, we've
held above that for the US side of
things what, for 138 days or sessions?
And we finally kind of breached that
yesterday, right? Yeah, that we closed
below that level. And I think this is a
fantastic piece of shout-out to our
colleagues at Bloomberg News, of course.
We're coming up with the the sort of
chartical on
uh the ugly technicals in the S&P. And
what we've done here is we've taken that
and we've juxtaposed the China story to
that. Just to show you where things are
similar and where things start to
diverge between sort of the China-US
side of things. And I will get to all of
that, right? Yvonne talked about
earnings, and that's really yet to show
up. And I'll get to you a chart later on
on earnings. And really, juxtapose these
two things. But yeah, on technicals
itself, both
the S&P and MSCI China, as you can see,
are below your 50-day moving average,
right? Now, on market breadth, something
that Yvonne was just mentioning there,
the next chart's going to show you this.
The percentage of the benchmarks, we're
using the Nasdaq in this case, and we're
using the Hang Seng Tech Index in this
other case to show you
uh that the percentage of the Nasdaq
that's now Let's change the chart,
please, if you can, the second one.
Thank you.
Um
is now moving to about 10%. That's the
blue line you see. Hang Seng Tech, 0%.
0%. So, while we are off highs on the
benchmark itself, in terms of market
breadth, none of the stocks currently,
that could change of course, are at
52-week lows. And the Nasdaq index,
you'll need more than mouthwash to
address the bad breath, if you get the
joke. Okay.
Um vol, this is interesting, right?
We've talked about the pickup in the VIX
index.
You look at the VIX and the Russell
2000, that's also picked up quite
substantially. What I've done here is
it's the spread between the VIX and the
VHSI, which is the VIX for the for the
Hang Seng index. On a weekly basis, you
take the spread, if it's green, the VIX
is outpacing what you're seeing here in
Hong Kong. Four straight weeks
that we've seen implied vol pick up
quicker than what we're seeing here in
Hong Kong. Is it a sign of hedging to
come ahead of course of Nvidia earnings?
Is that also something else? On the
earnings front, I'll end with this very,
very quickly. On an earning story, it's
still very clear. It's still the US,
right? Year-to-date, revisions are up
11%. Revisions in China are up about 5
and 1/2. So, let's call it double. So,
on an earning story, earning revision
story, it's clearly the US, but also
just to normalize this as well. The S&P,
I think the strap's going to come up on
your screens very shortly on this.
The S&P's trading at 22 and 1/2 times
last I checked. In China, we're trading
at about 12 and 1/2 times. So, we're
also about half of what you're paying as
far as dollar per dollar per earnings in
the US market. So, does that equalize
things somewhat, given the fact that you
are looking at double the pace of
revisions
in the US? We have that? Oh, we don't.
Okay, anyway. You can just trust my word
for it. Yeah, a great sort of
highlighting of of really the the
differences between the two markets,
right? At a time when there is
de-risking across the board. Let's get
to our senior Asia equities reporter,
Abhishek Vishnoi. He joins us from
Singapore. Abhishek, how are you looking
at another sell-off today? I mean, is
this sort of a signs of a of of just
profit-taking, or do you think really
there's there's a deeper correction
that's underway now?
Uh well, there is a correction underway,
uh but you know, it doesn't look like
that it'll become worrisome. Um there is
some risk
off that's happening across assets. Uh
and we are seeing that, you know, it it
can be a positioning ahead of Nvidia's
earnings, ahead of the US jobs report,
you know, which will determine uh where
the Fed is headed.
Uh but all in all, I mean, if you see,
you know, what um strategies and
investors have been doing, you know, the
outlooks that have been trickling in,
you know, the setup pretty much looks uh
the same that we have seen you know, in
2024, where, you know, US actually would
outperform, US would deliver better
returns, uh better setup. There are
concerns around AI valuations, but look,
valuations are never a catalyst for, you
know, meaningful drawdown. Yeah, they
begin the drawdown, but you need a
catalyst for, you know, this thing to
break and become a bear market, and so
on and so forth. They are expensive,
they're expensive for a reason, they're
all delivering a lot of profit. They are
all delivering a lot of cash flows,
which in turn is feeding into capex. So,
the you know, there is a there is lot of
confidence as we go into the year end.
Um if you look at the return side as
well of the equation, I mean, you know,
yes, you know, China's cheap, um and you
know, it has done pretty well for
itself. But again, the expectations are,
you know, at consensus level, US is
going to deliver better returns next
year or even into the year end, and
China still would do well, but you know,
they would be single-digit returns. So,
um net-net, you know, it still looks
like a very positive setup for the
world's major stock markets.
Yeah, that's that's hopefully that's the
case, right? So, I think one of the
things that people are debating right
now within the Chinese market is has it
gone beyond or has it clearly gone
beyond tactical, because you are getting
some people already saying this is a
longer-term bull market. Some haven't
been convinced us yet. Abhishek, so I
mean, we we we talked to Lynn Ting, of
course, your colleague earlier on, and
she said, you know,
what's in what's in fashion now is not a
complete de-risking of portfolios. We're
not seeing a rush to cash. It's a
rotation into income, things like
healthcare, utilities, some of the
financials.
Uh will that remain the case, agnostic
of how good if Nvidia does report
something fantastic, agnostic of what
Nvidia says and does?
So, I'll take a step back into it. You
know, what you're seeing in China market
is not different from what we've seen in
global markets. Healthcare and
utilities, you know, or energy in in
total has been doing well, and you know,
these were the sectors which were
ignored. So, actually, it is a move
towards value in in a lot of regions.
But yeah, I mean, Nvidia, you know, if
earnings come at the high end of the
estimates,
um there is increased if there is
increased confidence about its new chip,
then, you know, that catapults people
again towards, you know, the
five, six handful of stocks which have
been driving this rally. But it's good
to see, you know, this move happening
towards value. It just broadens the
rally, you know, for a bit.
Um that's is not to say that, you know,
the other companies, the handful of
companies which have been contributing a
lot, have got something weak going for
themselves. There is a little bit
profit-taking, like you said by your
yourself, you know, China's graduated
from
you know, from being a tactical market
to a to a new bull market, a new China
market, which is largely looking at AI,
not looking at its problems like
deflation, property meltdown. So, you
know, in in that context,
there's there are a lot of gains that
have been made, and you know, it's
natural for a marathon runner as well to
take a break, a breather in between.
That's what we're witnessing right now.
They they'll keep running, there would
be gains coming in, but probably not at
the at the similar pace.
Abhishek, fantastic. We'll see you in
Singapore, sir, very soon. Abhishek
Vishnoi there, senior Asia equities
reporter
in Lion City for us. Just ahead here on
shows latest on the tensions between
China and Japan with reports that yes,
some diplomats will be meeting [music]
today in Beijing to maybe take things
down a notch or two. An update is just
ahead. This is the China show. Good
morning.
Regardless of which party or individual
governs Japan,
>> [music]
>> it must adhere to and honor the Japanese
government's commitment on the Taiwan
question. We urge Japan to act
responsibly [music] toward history and
bilateral relations. Stop crossing lines
and playing with fire. Retract its
erroneous words and actions, [music] and
genuinely implement its commitments to
China through concrete actions.
Well, Chinese foreign ministry there
repeating a demand for Japanese Prime
Minister Sanae Takaichi to retract
comments about Taiwan that helped
trigger that did trigger that full-scale
diplomatic dispute. Now, Japanese media
reports are saying that senior diplomats
from China and Japan plan to meet in
Beijing later on today in a possible
move towards de-escalation. Let's look
closer at the developments with our team
in Tokyo. We have our economics and
government reporter, Yoshiaki Nohara.
Our China correspondent, Mimmy Lo, is in
Hong Kong. Yoshi, I'll start with you.
It seems like a lot is expected out of
this meeting here today. What are some
of the options Japan has to really kind
of cool down tensions?
So, you know, the I would imagine that
the focus on the Japan's from
from the Japan side is just to try to,
you know, give a little bit more space
to, you know, sit down and talk to this
to start de-escalation, because up to
this point, you're pretty much seeing
the
you know, see what started on the
security front clearly feeding into the
economic front via the channels like
tourism. So, that's the the area that
Japan is most concerned about, and they
really want to see the tension start of
picking out at this point.
So, Yoshi, we heard earlier, I think in
the last hour,
very, very senior-level uh Japanese
official who said,
"Let's not take the comments out of
context. This is not a change in country
policy." How do we square the two
things? The comments that came through,
plus the sort of pulling back from the
edge that we've seen very, very
recently. And how do we how do we need
to be thinking about geopolitical risk
right now?
Right. So, David, that's a really tough,
you know, tough um tough thing to
achieve. You know, it's easier to say
that,
but you know, if you have to remember
that the um you know, it's it's a really
touchy subject. And I think the Prime
Minister is learning a lesson here that,
you know, she probably should have
avoided getting into specifics of
scenarios, given that what happened
after her comments. So, from now on, I
would make I would imagine that the
lower-ranking officials, you know,
behind the scene, trying to see, you
know, hey, this is much a part of the
much bigger context here, and look at
the things that the two nations have in
common in the in the larger context,
especially on the economic front. Both
nations have a lot to lose if they start
fighting on the economic front. So, that
would be the key balancing act, how to,
you know, widen the scope of the
conversation to put everything into
context.
And Mimmy, it seems like there is really
no letup right now when it comes to
commentaries on Chinese state media.
Why is Beijing responding so strongly to
this?
Yeah, it's because China really sees
this as a strategic shift in Japan's
stance away from strategic ambiguity,
right? And you can see this People's
Daily commentary here highlighting
dangerous direction in Takaichi's
domestic and foreign policies, and that
militarism militarism militarism has
often used Japan's militarism has always
used existential crisis as a pretext for
external aggression. And remember that
Takaichi is early on in her term as
Prime Minister. So, China really wants
to set the tone right at the beginning
of a term and fire this warning shot,
not just to Japan, but any other
countries looking at this unfolding and
thinking about whether they might want
to shift their stance on Taiwan as well.
We know that China has called on
Takaiichi to change or retract the
comments, which she hasn't done, so
we'll have to see how the diplomatic
meeting today pans out. But you flip the
board, you take a look at what Global
Times is saying as well, and it's
hitting back at this contraction in
Japan's GDP, right? And saying that if
Japan continues down this erroneous
path, they could see more factors,
including geopolitical tensions,
weighing down on Japan's economy. And we
already got that warning from a social
media post and linked to state media
over the weekend saying China could take
could cut economic, diplomatic, and
military ties with Taiwan. And elsewhere
we are also seeing
some posts from Global Times as well. If
we flip the board,
we are
Can we flip the board, please? So,
Global Times also taking this cartoon,
really talking about the DPP. This is
the leader the Taiwanese party that is
led by Lai Ching-te. You can see the
sleeve there with DPP. It's really
showing that it's pouring oil on fire
and it's criticizing Lai Ching-te for
endorsing what Takaiichi said
and saying that Taiwan is acting as this
political megaphone for the improper
rhetoric from Beijing. And this comes
after Lai Ching-te cautioned China
calling it to be restrained to act as a
responsible major power and not be be
the troublemaker in this region. And if
that sounds familiar, it's the sort of
rhetoric we often hear from Beijing as
well. And we are also seeing state media
reporting that Chinese film distributors
are delaying the screening of some
Japanese films citing a decline in box
office numbers and cooling audience
sentiment. So, this Demon Slayer had
opened in China on Friday with strong
box office numbers, but analysts are
saying that it could see a decline in
the box office numbers in coming days.
Okay. The other thing that and we
already saw quite a stark reaction in
markets on this specific theme
yesterday, the you know, the the travel
advisory from Beijing
advising effectively to you to travel
against travel to Japan. Have we seen
any cancellations or any signs that
large groups of tourists are canceling
their trips to Japan? Yeah, so
preliminarily based on what we have been
talking what we have been hearing from
sources from some of China's biggest
travel platforms, we are not seeing any
cancellations yet, but still we're early
on, right, in this cycle and it's
possible that maybe people have some
sunk cost into their trips. Maybe in the
future they might be, you know, we might
see a decline in travel demand. But on
social media we are seeing pretty
nationalistic comments, especially on
Weibo, where we tend to see older
audiences. And here you can see someone
saying, "I'm never going to Japan in
this lifetime, even if it's a free
trip." And some others are saying that,
you know, the Japan Japanese don't seem
to be repenting and we should really
plant our flags and put our troops on
the Senkaku Islands, the disputed
islands, to teach them a lesson. The
issue of national sovereignty is not
negotiable. But elsewhere, if you look
at Xiaohongshu, where we tend to see
younger audiences, they are the ones
that are saying, you know, "Life is
life, politics is politics. I'm still
going to go on my trips because you
can't really get refunds for some of the
attraction tickets, so it doesn't really
matter, you know, they as long as
they're clear-headed about where they
are." And there's a funny comment saying
that actually only 10% of people have
passports in China and yet they can't go
to 90% of countries. So, perhaps from a
disgruntled person on social media.
>> Yeah. I think we'll take another look.
>> We'll check the numbers on that one.
We'll see. But yeah, it's good to get
the kind of what we're seeing on social
media there and what the reaction has
been so far. I want to bring in a
Karishma Vaswani, our Bloomberg Opinion
columnist. Karishma, you've been talking
about how these comments from Takaiichi
on China
has really resurrected this sort of wolf
warrior diplomacy.
You're saying that this might be a
mistake. Why is that?
Yeah, well, Yvonne, you know, picking up
on what both Minmin and our Japan
economics reporter was saying, super
interesting how China has reacted to
this. And actually, this kind of
strident rhetoric is something we
haven't seen for a while from China.
This is
the kind of diplomacy that's called wolf
warrior diplomacy. We saw it in the sort
of 2010, 2020, but it was dialed back a
bit because the sense was that this kind
of rhetoric was very unproductive. It
didn't really fit in with President Xi
Jinping's goals of trying to put forward
a more sort of reliable, stable China on
the world stage. But I think when it
comes to issues like this, the red lines
for China, as Minmin was saying, this is
an extremely sensitive issue for China.
And I think this is when you see both
the state and social media aspects
coming out in this way and being so
strident and vocal about this issue.
Well, risking asking the the obvious
here, Karishma, and you've outlined some
of the If you wanted to upset Beijing,
they pretty much tick all the boxes
here. Why is Beijing so upset?
Well, you know, you've been talking
about it already, David. And the issue
of Taiwan is something that China sees
as
a factor, a part of its national
sovereignty. It is not It has not been
quiet about that. It is not shy about
saying that. And I think the discussions
that we're seeing taking place today, or
rather that will take place today
between Japan and China, will go a long
way towards telling us exactly where
Beijing and Tokyo will stand in the sort
of new era of their relationship between
uh the new Prime Minister Takaiichi and
how she manages this. Now, I think it's
worth saying what Japan has consistently
said about this is that the comments did
not imply in any way a deviation from
Japan's position, official position, on
Taiwan. And if you look through the
defense papers, it is always talked
about how Taiwan is something that
worries it in terms of national
security. I think that Takaiichi was
probably
unusually blunt in her comments. And,
you know, to some extent she's also
playing to a domestic gallery here. And
this does play this issue does play
quite well at home with a significant
proportion of the Japanese public
looking at the rising what they see
assertiveness of China in the
neighborhood. And and thinking about
whether that means that Japan does need
to increase defense spending. Of course,
the pressure from Washington as well.
And I think that is, you know, all part
of the mix here, but it's played out in
this rather dramatic fashion between
these two historic rivals.
And what does it tell you about how
China operates, Karishma, when when
countries dependent on it for their
growth?
Well, I think what it tells you is that
when you have a situation where China
sees,
you know, this is a major issue of
national sovereignty, it will not give
an edge at all. And we've seen these
kinds of things happen before, haven't
we, Yvonne? With Australia, for
instance, when
you know, the the spat between Australia
and China went on for something like 3
years. And and I think what Japan can
take away from this is actually lessons
from Canberra. How those
negotiations and those talks went over
those 3 years with China slamming down
in many ways, you know, trade sanctions,
travel sanctions, all of it. Very
similar to what's being threatened
today. But I think what Australia did
was push back smartly,
negotiate very firmly, and and that is
something that, you know, if I was
sitting in
the Japanese foreign policy team, that's
the kind of advice that I think would be
useful for Takaiichi and her team.
Karishma, fantastic. Thank you so much.
Our Bloomberg Opinion columnist Karishma
Vaswani there. Rest of our team just now
as well.
Yoshihara Nohara out of Japan and of
course Minmin Low here in Hong Kong. And
our studio just giving us both sides
there of the story.
A very quick look at We're looking at
shares of Baidu's not doing anything.
There we go.
>> [laughter]
>> Earnings are coming up, might give us
something to trade on. A preview is just
ahead. This is the China show.
>> [music]
>> Yes. If we look at what the OEMs
There we go.
>> [laughter]
>> saying is if you uh place your orders
this year [music] now, and if you cannot
get it delivered by the end of this
year, then they will pretty much
subsidize the extra the extra EV
purchase tax, which is going to be 5%
next year versus 0% this year. So, they
are trying to, I think, lock in still
lock in customer.
Yeah, that was Tina who joined us
earlier [music] on in shows, of course,
unpacked the latest earnings coming
through and this massive drawdown we're
seeing. The likes of Xpeng were [music]
down about
8% and that Geely was also out, by the
way, with earnings. We're down about 6%
on Li Auto. Xiaomi is coming out today,
of course.
Overall, a hardware play, of course,
down about 3% on that. Yeah, when you
have overall the smartphone business is
not doing too well, given the fact that
you are seeing DRAM prices continue to
rise, that is going to be something
that's going to be hitting their
margins, right? You're starting to see
that with the likes of Lenovo and the
like, which does also report later on
this week. Xpeng, yeah, that's the big
one [music] here. And we'll talk a bit
more, of course, about Baidu coming up.
A closer look, of course, China's
[music] AI transformation as established
tech giants face a challenge from
upstarts like Moonshot, like MiniMax.
We'll discuss more with Kai-Fu Lee,
Sinovation [music] Ventures as chairman,
joining us here in Hong Kong. This is
Bloomberg.
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading to that lunch break here and
we're seeing still a bit [music] of
downside pressure here when it comes to
of course the AI proxies there as well.
SoftBank for example is down some 5%
here this morning. So we are seeing the
Nikkei 225 down close to 2% here. 52
points down for the topics as well. 155
levels when it comes to dollar yen as
well. So we have hit that 155 level
here. We are expected to hear from
Takayuki Ichi. The prime minister is
going to be meeting with Ueda, the BOJ
governor later on today. So obviously
we'll see what that means in terms of
the rate hike outlook when it comes to
the BOJ, but certainly Takayuki Ichi
dealing with a lot of diplomacy of late
just given this whole spat between Japan
and China which has dragged down some of
these travel related stocks there in
Japan as well. But yes, rest of Asia,
how's it looking? Bad because of Japan.
Really. So
the the 2% decline we're seeing in the
Nikkei is really dragging on the
benchmark as you can see every single
sector is down to varying degrees. We
are getting of course most of the losses
across
some of the big IT plays on this sort of
downdraft we're seeing across global
tech. For example, Russell 2000 had a
very bad
a very bad Monday. The Russell 2000 VIX
we talked about that really spiking as
well.
Down to relatively unscathed parts of
the market like health care and
utilities which does indicate somewhat
of a defensive
tilt. S&P futures are up though. So we
are looking at some signs of stability
going into going into the session here
today. Right, all that is to say the AI
story remains front and center. We have
of course Nvidia reporting after the
close on Wednesday. That's Thursday if
you're watching on the Asia Pacific.
Baidu is set to report later
in the next few hours or so. Third
quarter results, investors will be
focused on the strength of its AI cloud
revenue growth. Our senior analyst
Robert Lee is here with us with a
preview on what's been driving the
stock. It's been a pretty wild ride.
You've been the voice of realism.
In in my own yeah, in my own view. Um I
think we're going to see more of the
same because obviously as you as you
alluded to the stock has rallied
substantially
early this year and has since come off
to to again a substantial degree. That's
been more driven by the liquidity rally,
the sentiment rally that we've seen in
the China market. I don't think it's
been
based on fundamentals or underpinned by
firm fundamentals because the reality is
for Baidu it's a search engine business
and its core business but which is
advertising driven and advertising based
has been under massive pressure for the
best part of three years now as
advertisers put their or spend their
advertising dollars on the high growth
platforms, the the platforms that are
getting more Gen Z
uptake, the likes of Douyin
and the likes of Bilibili. So as a
result their core advertising business
has been under substantial pressure and
based on consensus numbers
net income for the company is going to
half in the current quarter. So this you
know, I think clearly spells the immense
pressure the business is under time when
its AI monetization, although it is
increasing off a low base, is nowhere
near big enough to move the needle.
So what are you looking for in in this
set of results for the for Q3?
I think that in terms of the headlines I
think the AI cloud should continue to
build momentum. So I think there are
going to be some fairly positive
headlines on that.
Baidu hasn't fully disclosed its
financial the financial performance of
its cloud business, but I I think based
on our analysis it's a loss making
business. It's making
in terms of cash I should say reflecting
the huge heavy capex investment that's
required to support that business.
So it that's not really having a bottom
line impact at the business at a time
again when their core advertising based
search business is under enormous
pressure unfortunately for them.
You
know, you've probably heard the oldest
this this debate around whether AI is in
a bubble and I think you know, people
tend to look at to simply one basket and
think okay, that's the AI basket. Is
that a bubble? But you know, we're
looking at very different market
dynamics. There's the US cohort, this is
the entire supply chain here in the Asia
Pacific.
I want to get your thoughts on what one
of our guests said earlier in fact. So
Joanna Chen joined us JP Morgan. She
said
bubble or not it hasn't burst. It
doesn't matter. Let's play it out guys
if we can.
The thing the key thing here is not
whether there's a bubble, but it's a
matter of when or if the bubble will
burst. If I use the analogy of a beer,
so the foam on the top is often the most
delicious bit, but it's not going to
last forever.
I think there's a lot of observers who
are drawing the compare comparison
between this AI build out vis-a-vis the
dot com bubble era, but I I will say
there are a few key distinctions.
Yes, so Robert for you two things. One
is do you agree with that view and do
you think foam is the best part of the
beer?
>> [laughter]
>> I don't think so. Well then people often
complain they're going to a bar having
too much foam. And particularly
something like a Guinness and having you
know, Irish heritage, that thing should
be left to settle. So I'm not sure, you
know, with respect to your guest that's
the best analogy.
But I I think if you look at the in very
broad terms, who's making money in crude
terms in the AI sector? It's the
infrastructure plays. It's the Nvidias.
It's the cloud computing companies. All
that investment spend and it's
substantial as it is is going on the
infrastructure. Yet the software
companies, the users of that
infrastructure are not really
monetizing. And where they are
monetizing looking at Open AI as an
example, I think it's well known that
Open AI's revenue will will be around 12
billion dollars this year driven by chat
GPT. But again based on our analysis,
Open AI is going to lose somewhere
between 45 or 50 billion US dollars this
year.
And also not getting into the weeds in
accounting, that isn't reflecting what
they may or may not have capitalized on
the balance sheet. So that isn't a cash
the cash number may well be even bigger
than that. So this is a hugely expensive
technology to develop. It's very R&D
intensive. It's very capital intensive
and I think the rate, you know, like
three years into this now. I think the
rate of monetization coming up across
the board both in the US and
particularly in China is nowhere near
high enough to justify these enormous
levels of capex that are being put in.
So simply put, I think
I do believe we are in a bubble. I think
it's been pretty clear if people have
listened to me over the last not just
year but last two years.
There's a lot of
very unrealistic expectations on what
the AI companies can deliver in terms of
monetizing and ultimately delivering a
return on investment to investors. So
and I think ultimately, you know, if we
don't see the monetization coming
through then really this could well go
down as one of the biggest acts of
corporate philanthropy in economic
history because essentially these cloud
companies and the infrastructure
companies are subsidizing. They're
giving us technology quite literally in
China. They're giving it away for free.
And they're all doing the same. The
level of product differentiation between
the AI large language models and
software companies is very very low.
All right, Robert I think you have a
report coming out too about this very
topic.
>> More on that later.
Joining us now of course is is the
perfect guest to really talk more about
this. Kaifu Lee, chairman of Sinovation
Sinovation Ventures and CEO of 01.AI.
Kaifu, it was great to have you here
in Hong Kong. You heard what Robert
said, right? There's still a lot of
challenges when it comes to the whole
monetization of AI according to his
perspective. In the last three years
though, how have you looked at this
whole evolution of China AI versus the
US? And and what are some of the
advantages and challenges for China AI?
Yeah, so firstly I disagree on the
prospects of US
>> [laughter]
>> US AI.
Because yes, you look at Open AI. It's
um
making 12 billion, spending 40 billion.
Looks like a bad balance sheet. But most
of that 40 billion is spent for future
revenues and if you believe their 2x,
3x, 5x growth for the next three years,
it's going to justify that valuation at
some point. The bubble is merely that
it's gotten ahead of itself, not the
likelihood of growth in the future.
Okay, not saying it's worth its price,
but there's absolute substance under the
foam. Now back to the China AI, the
fundamental difference is actually close
source versus open source. The US model
is necessarily propelled by this
ambition and dream of one company
reaching AGI first and squashing
everyone. Winner take all worth
trillions of dollars. That's what Open
AI, Anthropic, Google and others are
betting on.
And it's like a genius kid who thinks
though he he or she will win the Nobel
Prize. The China approach is hey, let's
all work together and share. We compete,
but let's open source our models. So A
learns from B, B learns from C. It's
more like a study group of smart kids.
Maybe not genius kids. But is the open
source a reason why a lot of these
Chinese AI startups cannot monetize?
Well, I think there's a belief there's a
common belief in US and China. AI is the
most important technological
revolution ever. There is a belief that
this monetization monetization will
happen. It's happening first in the US
and it will happen later in China. So
there is a bet that if someone if all
all of China kind of pseudo collaborates
through open source, then builds a great
platform, then everyone can benefit
because
the knowledge of the platform or if one
company comes out ahead, there's a
chance to leap ahead and be the next
great company as well. So there's
tremendous optimism that AI is changing
the world and these models close source
approach is a belief one company will
squash everyone else. Open source is
hey, let's share for now and we'll see
what happens. Has the open source model
in some ways discouraged competition
because I simply have to look across the
classroom and see who has the best
answer and simply build on that
classmate. Well, that is the business of
my company 01.ai. We've pivoted
ourselves to build on open source.
Whoever has the best model, we'll use
it. If it's Deep Seek or Quan,
we are agnostic. So we're in a position
not so dissimilar from Nvidia. Obviously
Nvidia's much better, but they don't
care who wins and we don't care either.
We only care that open source moves
forward and it's its benefits are that
open source is free. It's much much much
lower cost when it's basically free and
we can build on it. It's ours. We take
it, we do whatever we want. We never
have to pay Deep Seek or Alibaba and and
also enterprises. They can take the
model in-house, run everything in-house.
If they have secret data, they don't
want to send to the cloud, well, they
don't have to.
>> Right, but someone needs to pay for the
innovation though.
Yeah, who who who you know, that this
like I'll just take the open AI example,
but you know, there's a clearly a
difference in the in the Chinese context
where you have capex of a trillion and
people are trying to figure out how are
they going to pay for that and then
people to your point longer term will
then have to worry about how they then
make that back. In China's case where
you don't have to pay for it where it's
open source,
how is the how is the innovation getting
funded and how do you how do you justify
to those asset allocators that they will
get a return for their investment? Well,
I actually like the Chinese model
better. While the likes of Alibaba,
ByteDance, Baidu, they're paying a lot
of money. They're willing to subsidize
because it's fundamental to their core
business whether it's e-commerce or
search or a social
and I think they're smart business
people. They'll do the balancing.
They're not spending a tiny fraction of
what the Open AI is spending. Now the
Open AI spending is a big back big
return. It's betting that it will win.
Whereas I think Alibaba, Baidu, Tencent,
ByteDance,
if they're spending more prudently,
which they are,
they will be able to look at the whole
balance sheet and deliver a reasonable
result. We don't see any of these people
reporting huge losses.
So I think the Chinese model is more
prudent for a financial investor. The US
is a winner take all. So you pick your
winner. If you win, you win big. If you
lose, you lose big.
How do you see it though play out in
China whether you have the big AI giants
like Alibaba, like ByteDance who have
the deep pockets to continue on with
this sort of AI war in China? How do
they stack up against some of these
startups like a MiniMax or Moonshot?
Well, I admire the courage of the
smaller companies who choose to compete.
I'm I feel that it's more prudent for a
smaller company to build either
applications or either enterprise or
consumer and betting on the fundamental
foundation models of the big companies
because I don't think it's very likely
that any startup can raise money the way
Open AI does or even 1/10 of Open AI and
with that with less money, it is going
to be difficult. The talents are
obviously very good in the Chinese
startups as well as the large companies,
but the lack of spend and the lack of
huge number of talent
and talent density makes it an uphill
struggle for the startups that try to do
that. The the Deep Seek moment in well,
let's call it two moments, right?
Because the January moment this year was
where it became public to the world.
Although it was this time last year
where people had started to already talk
about Deep Seek and I wonder people are
now looking for what's the next one.
You're connected and well connected into
the industry. What innovations are
taking place right now? What should we
be prepared for going into next year?
Well, I think in terms of deep
fundamental foundation models,
US is ahead, but China is very rapidly
figuring out the great things US is
doing plus a few of its own good things
to basically trail by 3 to 6 months.
I've been saying this for a year and a
half and it still remains the case. So I
don't think there's going to be a huge
breakout change the world um
technology in China. That's not likely.
What is more likely is there may be
great consumer apps and what's even much
much more likely
is that Chinese hardware.
There's a company called Plaud.
It is basically an ambient AI that
listens all the time and gives you
summaries of all the meetings and tells
you what to do and gives you reminders
and that's just the beginning.
That is so much cheaper to build in
And I think the Chinese VCs are hesitant
to invest in large language models for
the reasons we discussed, but they are
going all out including my own
Sinovation Ventures on betting on
hardware. When people talk hardware,
people think oh, it's embodied robotics
and it's you know, humanoid robots, but
those are also a bit overpriced. It's
much more prudent to invest in small
devices because when AI revolution moves
forward at the next step, we will see
that the best place the best device on
which to use AI is not the phone.
Whether it is a glasses or watch or
wristband or a little necklace or almost
invisible
are all possible because AI first means
it's always on, always listening, always
thinking and it's your external hard
drive that's smart and remembers
everything you see and did. I know
you're going to talk about privacy, but
that's a separate discussion.
>> [laughter]
>> I might be listening to you right now.
There's a lot of talk there's hot trend
about AI agents. Can you tell us more
what's all the all the buzz around it
and and how long before it becomes
pretty mainstream you think when it
comes to enterprise? It's real already,
but it's not yet mainstream.
An agent is built on the large language
model. The large language model is the
brain and there may be multiple large
language models each doing special
things, but the
the two most important things wraps
around it. One is memory. It knows who
you are, what you did, who's your
company, what your policies are. So it's
relevant to what you do as opposed to a
general chatbot. But the other even
bigger thing is that it executes tasks.
So instead of giving you a travel
itinerary, it gets the travel books your
airline, your hotel. Instead of
suggesting what's the strategy, it
starts at executing. Your ads are placed
as opposed to suggesting what ads you
might do. Or even anchor shows, right?
These AI agents Well, if not already
>> [laughter]
>> Our viewers actually might not know. Oh,
your AI? No, we're
>> [laughter]
>> Yes.
We're [gasps] actually not here. Oh.
Figment of your imagination.
>> this this talk with you. Thank you.
Fascinating stuff. AI.
Of course that's Kaifu Lee there,
Sinovation Ventures chairman and 01.ai
CEO.
All right, we're going to talk about
something else now.
>> Oh, yes. Yes.
>> Something a little bit more
>> I can't believe this song is 10 years
old. Have you seen the kid? The kid is
actually grown up now. Is he? Baby Shark
we're talking about. Yes.
>> Massive IPO today. Massive debut. Stock
is surging. It's [laughter] been 10
years. Yeah, he's he's like a proper
teenager now.
Just to manage your expectations, he's
not coming on next, but we'll talk
[laughter] about this shortly.
This is the China Show.
>> [music]
>> Oh, we had to flood that into your ear
waves. There.
I'm sick of it. You know what? It's it's
gone a second cycle for me at home. So
it's coming back to me in a big way. The
studio behind of course YouTube's most
watched video ever. We're talking 16
billion views. Yeah, that's Pinkfong.
Which has made its trading debut in
Seoul today and what a debut, Dave.
Yeah, forget about SK Hynix.
Samsung Electronics.
>> [laughter]
>> Sammi Chai is here with us, our Asia
equities reporter. So clearly the the
first day went well.
How did the IPO process go for a company
that obviously is very well known for
one single thing. Is it one single
thing? I need to get to the what's next,
but what was the process like here?
Yeah, so the IPO itself wasn't that big,
right? It was about 53 million dollars,
but it was a price at a top of the
market at range. And so and what was
really intriguing was there was 600
times over subscription. So everybody
just just like the content itself,
everybody just like piled into get a
share of this this listing and there
were of course some rumors that they're
going for acquisition and whatnot but it
didn't really matter because everybody
just wanted that and it's risen 60% as
you said and at the open it's
you know it's come down a little bit but
still it's gaining and it looks very
successful and a lot of that looks back
to the previous
IPO of its peer
SAMG Entertainment.
>> Yeah. And it did really well since its
IPO it's the stock has tripled and so
there is that whole
wave of this content that is again
becoming like another boom for the
K-wave in Korea and yeah.
Well
everyone talks about Baby Shark that's
really the one that we can't get out of
our heads
but what about the other existing IPs
right I mean people are talking about
can they really replicate the same
amount of success
in other sort of IPs that they have.
Yeah so that's one of the reasons why
some of the investors who we talked to
were actually
not really they were reluctant to get a
part of you know get a part participate
in this IPO because they were not sure
about any other IPs beyond Baby Shark
that we have been listening to a lot and
but the CEO says the Bebefin it's
another character another franchise.
>> Has overtaken. Bebefin. Yeah and Yvonne
knows that. Yes. Yeah it's very cute.
>> the the Cocomelon sort of counterpart I
would say. Okay who is that who is
Cocomelon?
Sorry [laughter] we could be here
forever but okay. It's a past your
generation right.
Bebefin.
Definitely overtaken
in terms it's a it's a revenue of its
content revenue from Baby Shark so there
is definitely hopes that the company can
do well and a lot of the investors are
actually saying that at its IPO price
it's quite undervalued it's trading at
about 25 times earnings
forward earnings whereas its peers are
at about 40 times but I think this is
something it's it's like an it's an
inherent problem that all these content
creators and these kids creators are
actually facing it's we're seeing the
same moves in Sanrio and Pop Mart as
well.
That's it yeah I think and you're
looking at a similar
dynamic between the companies and
He banged the drum Pinkfong and Baby
Shark's right there next to him. With
his little fingers and uh
a lack of a thumb. Okay.
>> [laughter]
>> Can I get a chat thank you so much
fantastic
report there and fantastic debut today
plenty more ahead this is Bloomberg.
>> [music]
>> Go Dave we've got a flight to catch
we're going to fly to Singapore.
>> [laughter]
>> All right New Economy Forum happening
Wednesday to Friday we're taking the
China show on the ground there at
[music] Singapore right long line of
guests to tell you about there we can't
go through them all with the lack of
time that we have.
>> Yeah everything from what's going to go
on stage to outside on our set to stay
tuned [music] for a lot of good coverage
from the NEF starting tomorrow all
through Friday we're taking the show on
the road we'll see you from there
tomorrow this is the China show.